feat: add --dry-run flag to prepare and restore commands (#2)
tonyandrewmeyer/concierge: README.md

sudo concierge prepare -p dev
```

### Dry Run Mode

Both `prepare` and `restore` commands support a `--dry-run` flag that shows what
operations would be performed without actually making any changes to the system.

```bash
# Preview prepare operations
sudo concierge prepare -p dev --dry-run

# Preview restore operations
sudo concierge restore --dry-run
```

In dry-run mode:
- All logging output is suppressed
- Operations are printed to stdout in a human-readable format
- No packages are installed or removed
- No files are created or modified
- No Juju controllers are bootstrapped or destroyed

> - System state is read for accurate conditional logic (e.g., checking if snaps are

Author: ```suggestion
- System state is read for accurate conditional logic (for example, checking if snaps are
```

  already installed, reading configuration files)

This is useful for verifying what `concierge` will do before running it, or for
understanding what a particular preset or configuration file includes. Note that
Concierge will inspect the system (to see what snaps are already installed, for

> example), so, while it is read-only, it does not avoid running any commands.

Author: ```suggestion
example), so, while it is read-only, it does not avoid running all commands.
```
